1.  What is File function in python? What is keywords to create and write file.  
2.  Write a Python program to read an entire text file.  
3.  Write a Python program to append text to a file and display the text.  
4.  Write a Python program to read first n lines of a file.  
5.  Write a Python program to read last n lines of a file.  
6.  Write a Python program to read a file line by line and store it into a list 
7.  Write a Python program to read a file line by line store it into a variable.  
8.  Write a python program to find the longest words.  
9.  Write a Python program to count the number of lines in a text file.  
10. Write a Python program to count the frequency of words in a file.  
11. Write a Python program to write a list to a file.  
12. Write a Python program to copy the contents of a file to another file.  
13. Explain Exception handling? What is an Error in Python?  
14. How many except statements can a try-except block have? Name Some built-in exception classes:  
15. When will the else part of try-except-else be executed?  
16. Can one block of except statements handle multiple exception?  
17. When is the finally block executed?  
18. What happens when „1‟== 1 is executed?  
19. How Do You Handle Exceptions With Try/Except/Finally In Python? Explain with coding snippets.  
20. Write python program that user to enter only odd numbers, else will raise an exception.  
21. What are oops concepts? Is multiple inheritance supported in java  
22. How to Define a Class in Python? What Is Self? Give An Example Of A Python Class  
23. Write a Python class named Rectangle constructed by a length and width and a method which will compute the area of a rectangle  
24. Write a Python class named Circle constructed by a radius and two methods which will compute the area and the perimeter of a circle  
25. Write a Python class named Circle constructed by a radius and two methods which will compute the area and the perimeter of a circle  
26. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example? What is init? Or What Is A Constructor In Python?  
27. What is Instantiation in terms of OOP terminology?  
28. What is used to check whether an object o is an instance of class A? 
29. What relationship is appropriate for Course and Faculty?  
30. What relationship is appropriate for Student and Person? 